what attracts me most about china's
five-year plan is the
tremendous commitment to a low-carbon
economy and ultimately to a sustainable
energy economy
the in the fiber plant china is
committed to reach peak carbon emissions
uh sooner than 2030 and to be
uh to have a sustainable energy economy
by 2060.
these are very aggressive goals and i
think they're great goals
and i wish more countries actually had
these goals i'm very confident about
tesla's future in china
the chinese economy i think is going to
do extremely well over the next decade
and will become the biggest economy in
the world and
it's also committed to a sustainable
energy future
and tesla is doing both of those things
so we're building uh cars we have
china i think long term will be uh our
biggest market but both where we make
the most number of vehicles
and where we have the most number of
customers i would like to strike an
optimistic note
and say that i'm very confident that the
future in china is going to be great
and that china is headed towards being
the the biggest economy in the world
uh and a lot of prosperity in the future
and this five-year plan is going to be
a part of making that prosperity happen
you